feat: custom actions (#93)
codemask-labs/stan-js: docs/src/content/docs/reference/createStore.mdx

// Now the store's state is:
// count: 10, name: 'Jane', notifications: [{ message: 'Hello' }]
```
### Custom Actions

Sometimes you need to create a function that will perform multiple updates at once. For convinience, you can create custom actions that will be available in the store.

`createStore` accepts a second argument - a function that will be called with the store's [actions](#actions), [reset](#reset) callback and the [getState](#getstate) method.

> Every synchronous custom action will be batched by the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Aside type="caution">
Only synchronous custom action will be batched by the store.
</Aside>
```
